Replace to use RocksDB for Tx Nonce and Canonical Chain ID (#803)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

 -  `BaseStore` class became to implement `IDisposable`.  [[#789]]
 -  Removed `IStore.DeleteIndex(Guid, HashDigest<SHA256>)` method.  [[#802]]
 -  Extension classes have been renamed. However, it is not affected

>     if you do not call it directly.  [[#803]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Extension classes was renamed. However, it would not be affected
    if you have called it by using instance method syntax.  [[#803]]
```

Reviewer: This seems reverted?

Author: My mistake. Restored it.

 -  Added `BlockHeader` struct.  [[#785]]
 -  Added `IStore.GetBlockDigest(HashDigest<SHA256>)` method.  [[#785]]
 -  Added `Block<T>.ToBlockDigest()` method.  [[#785]]

>  -  Added `ByteArrayExtension` class.  [[#803]]

Reviewer 2: We should add `#803` to the footnotes too.
